Nice write up, keep up the good work


Confirmed (Part 2)


Lots of good stuff in this. 

Positives:

Starters are looking great. Baze was stroking it from 3, even with defenders right on top of him. Korver looked like he's in rhythm and Tim Hardaway Jr. put the hops and the sweet, sweet shooting stroke on display.

Delaney and Bembry look like they're well on their way already- great court vision. Delaney's shot looks smooth as silk to boot. He hit a couple pretty sweet pull-up jumpers in transition and he looks like a bulldog on defense, at least one on one.

Edy looks much better now than he did at any point last year. He still looks a little awkward, but he seems to be adjusting better to the pace and blocked a couple real good looking shots.

Moose looked good if you can look past that god-awful manbun thing he's got going on for some reason. Not great, but good.

Splitter looks like his hip is healing up nicely. His gait still looks a little uncomfortable running the floor, but he looks like he's moving well laterally and made a couple really nice plays breaking up lobs to Dwight.

Now for Dwight. Oh boy, Dwight. I knew what to expect from him for the most part but good lord watching him hammer down that lob early from Mike Scott was a treat. Can't wait to see the damage he can do rolling with Schroder. On top of that, his shooting stroke looked pretty good- drained a couple 18 foot bank shots right in Edy's face.

The not so good:

Taurean's offense. His shot wasn't working for him and he really started trying to force it as the game went on. Lots of ill-advised drives into traffic.

The offense as a whole (bench players especially) looked really shaky outside of a few guys- way too many airballed threes.

All in all, I'm more stoked now for this upcoming season than I have been all off-season. 
Everyone looked awesome out there even though we wernt really trying all that much. Our young bloods are definitely something to be excited about. I'm especially liking what I'm seeing out of delaney, how does the whole league sleep on a guy like that?!

My one complaint is d8s fts. he was fine from the midrange game so I'm not too worried about it, but I'm kinda glad Dwight stunk it up from the FT line (1-7), it gives him something to keep working on before the season starts
No longer live. You can see the replay of it through the same link.

Tip off: 15:40
YES BASKETBALL
Delaney the biggest highlight for me, looked very competent and that is very important for the hawks.
Other thoughts:
Thabo, Muscala, Dwight, Baze and Hardaway moving really well...Rookies look good but cant see meaningful minutes this year...serious big man and wing depth.  Might be an issue trying to get minutes to those that deserve them.

I thibk at some point you have to accept Dwight will probably never be an acceptable free throw shooter. 


